Germany started its two-hour long
defense at the international court of
justice by saying it has learned from
the past learned from the Holocaust
Germany is doing its utmost to live up
to its responsibility Visa both the
Israeli and the Palestinian people this
explains one of the principles upon
which our foreign policy with regard to
all Middle East issues
rests our history is the reason why
Israel's security has been at the core
of German foreign
policy Nicaragua argues that Germany's
support for Israel is one-sided and
neglects the fate of gaza's people who
are now also facing
genocide Germany supplied arms worth
more than $300 million to Israel last
year an increase from 30 million in
2022 but its legal team argued that most
of the export licenses were issued
before the October 7 attacks or shortly
after
if we look at what has actually been
licensed for export to Israel under this
framework since October
2023 we see no artillery shells no
Munitions nearly all experts exports
involve what is known as other military
equipment typically of a subordinate or
defensive nature as a matter of fact
only four weapons War weapons have been
licensed for export since October 2023
three of which concern test or practice
equipment according to International
weapons treaties no arms should be
exported to countries if there's a risk
they will be used to violate
humanitarian law or laws of war when Al
jazer wanted to clarify If this means
Germany now recognizes that Israel is
violating international law we did not
receive an answer you're not answering
any questions because I want to ask you
about you said Germany learned from the
past
most of Germany's defense centered
around the question of whether the
international court of justice has
jurisdiction in this case lawyers
representing Germany say it can't be
complicit in genocide if the country
accused of committing genocide is absent
from the case and has not been convicted
the judges now have to decide if
provisional measures against Germany are
needed to stop it from sending weapons
to Israel step fast in Al jazer the hake
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz